Alpha version (#1)
vimaec/vim-datasmith: README.md

# vim-datasmith
A VIM to DataSmith converter. 

> Build requirements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Build requirements
```

You must build the Datasmith SDK
	With Git

> 		For that you need to get Unreal Engine git repository. Branch 4.27

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		For that you need to get [Unreal Engine Git repository](https://www.unrealengine.com/en-US/ue4-on-github). Branch 4.2
```

Author: Must be at least 4.27 (4.26 and before not valid)

		For mac OS : Replace the files with the ones provided vim-datasmith/Settings folder.
			"Engine/Source/Programs/Enterprise/Datasmith/DatasmithSDK/DatasmithSDK.Target.cs"
			"Engine/Source/Programs/Enterprise/Datasmith/DatasmithSDK/DatasmithSDK.Build.cs"
		Run "Setup.command"
		Run GenerateProjectFiles.command
		Open the UE4 project and build scheme "DatasmithSDK"
	With Perforce
		Just use the force (a lots) and everything will goes well.

In the file 

> 	In Vim-Datasmith.xcconfig - Edit "DatasmithSDKFolder" for the real path of your builded SDK

Reviewer: What is an "xconfig" file? Is there a Visual Studio project, or a make file, if I am using Windows and VS?

Author: I will do Windows project for next monday.
